We're gonna have an exercise now.
So same formatting,
this August one status update.
I want you to make
a meeting agenda about it.
You're gonna have 30 people in a room,
from a 5,000 person company,
some of those 3010 will be executives,
including the VP of product and
the CEO and they wanna understand
what the delay is about.
10 more technical stakeholders on
your project a few which are impacted
adversely by your delay, so
they're not gonna be pumped about it.
And they will be looking to kinda take
you to task a little bit about like,
hey, why are you late and
we want this sooner.
And the last 10 or your team members and
your designers ever talk about the design
process your UX researchers prepare to
talk about the new research needed, and
the tech lead is ready to talk
about the development process.
The tone of the meeting you generally
anticipate to be tense, but
generally everyone just
wants to launch features.
So no one's gonna be like out to get you,
they're just all worrying
about their piece of the pie.
So I want you to write an agenda for this.
I want you to write some time boxes for
it, and then just kinda take some notes
for yourself like what challenges
are you gonna expect and
how can you organize yourself to get
the maximum effect out of this meeting?
And again, your point is essentially
is like, we're late, but
this is necessary and we're gonna end up
with a better thing if we delay two weeks.
That's generally what your point is.
So you can feel free to
write about this one.
If you have a meeting that you like
are about to do at work, by all means,
do the exact same exercise for
your meeting at work.
This can be helpful for yourself as well.
But in the absence of that you can do
it about this formatting exercise.
So I'm curious some of
your approaches to this.
I am pretty wide with my time boxes, and
I'm not gonna say anything
here is wrong or right.
I'm just gonna tell you
how I approach these.
So I'm not down to like, okay, we're gonna
address this point, then this point,
then this point.
I'm generally here,
probably like 15 minutes of me just
talking about this is the overall
summary of what's happening.
Do you have any questions about this?
Probably give me like another five to
15 minutes of discussion about that.
So, probably the first half would
just be me owning the meeting,
talking about this is the process,
this is what we're gonna talk about.
Do you have questions about the delay?
And then leaving those kinda like
informational towards the end.
Obviously, this is gonna
be those parts right there.
They're kinda like the carrot to move
the meeting along, is like, hey,
do you wanna see the new designs?
Do you wanna talk about
the development process?
So I probably give each one of
these people 10 minutes, give or
take depending on what they wanted to do,
right?
Maybe the US researcher
doesn't need that much.
Maybe the designer needs more.
But I leave probably the last
half of the meeting.
It's hey,
here's the actual technical details here.
So, if I was gonna write this down,
30 minutes for me to talk about,
break that down into two sections,
what happened and what's gonna happen.
And then 10 minutes for each one of
those specialists to come in and
talk about whatever they wanna talk about.
So my general approach to that,
I'm curious if anyone had any
sort of differing thoughts there.
Yeah,
>> I'd be curious your opinion on this.
I broke it down similarly, but I put
it was essentially, here's the problem.
Here's what we're doing about it.
We have eight minutes for questions
right in the middle of the meeting and
the tactic being that if the room
is gonna be times blow up,
there's gonna be a problem.
You can say, yeah, with Pastor Tom, and
then I get to run I get to be the runner
I get to filibuster it basically,
[LAUGH] for the next half hour of,
here's what's next.
But essentially, to keep the meeting
from running out, I figured if there's
gonna be a little tension if other
folks are gonna have opinions.
We could put that in the middle and
we'd literally have times the damage
control it, [LAUGH] in the tail.
>> It's gonna depend on, do you think you
can corral those data into eight minutes?
It's gonna depend who it is culture,
your personality.
If I had done that in those Microsoft
media I would not have regained control
of that meeting.
I could see it kinda breaking down.
It's like all right, we have blocks of
time for questions, so if you're like,
all right, presentation, 10 minutes,
five minutes for questions and
just say if you're missing this block,
there's another one coming after this.
So if someone's running over it's
all right, we gotta keep this going.
But especially eight minutes
seems pretty tight to me.
I don't know, your mileage may vary there.
>> Yeah, no, I agree with you at six and
one-half dozen another,
it depends a lot on who and
what the dynamics are.
But I appreciate your comments.
I wouldn't propose that as
an ideal strategy by any means.
>> Yeah.
I mean,
it's a tough balance to walk there.
Yeah, Dustin.
>> Christine, the chat says, very similar,
left the questions to the last 15 minutes.
Otherwise, I thought they may ask
questions that were covered by
the specialists.
>> Yeah.
Totally I think that is a super
valid strategy and just saying, hey,
keep your questions we
got them at the end.
That is generally a fairly effective
strategy depending on again,
who is in the room and
how apt they are to interrupt.
I am kinda used to working with CEOs and
vice presidents that are willing
to just come down the say, I don't
care we're gonna ask it now, [LAUGH].
And you can,
[INAUDIBLE] some of those people.
The Jedi mind trick I like
to pull there at the end.
So like, well, this is gonna happen the
design and this is gonna be like, hold on,
I'm gonna cut your question off there cuz
we still have someone that's about to
answer a lot of those questions.
And so a little trick there to say like,
we haven't talked about that yet,
keep at it, and
then we're gonna talk about it at the end.
But I think both of those
are valid strategies.
I'd be happy with either one of those.